--
layout: post
author: gmackie
--

So, I have finally decided on a way to force myself to get better, by performing
the same action over and over again until things start to change. I'm pretty
sure that was originally a quote someone made about madness/insanity, but I find
it to be pretty apt in describing the process that I have read and learned
about, as well as experienced personally many times, that it is not single
bursts of action that bring about change, but slow, gradual progress through
repitition. 

It's hard for me to organize my thoughts on this, as I have a lot that I want to
say, but I suppose I should back up, try to set the stage for this and upcomming
posts. I have decided to take this Lenten period as a challenge to write a post
each day. I want to build a habit of writing and being able to communicate well
while doing it. Eventually, I'd like to be able to help people learn about the
things that I have picked up/discovered during my career/time on this planet.

For now, they will likely remain private, as they allow me to better express
things, almost as a diary of sorts. Maybe some of these musings will become
public, maybe this will just be a repo of markdown files that can be read by
those who know of me long after I'm gone, maybe they turn into a book? Who
knows.

One of my fears in creating content that is public is how to "brand" myself.
There are too many different interests that I have that could be my focus, but I
am not particularly strong/interested in any of them enough to dedicate my life
to it. I guess my focus/dedication is on breadth. I have noticed that I find
great joy in discovering the parallels between different activities or
mechanisms. This probably helps to explain my proclivity for analogies.

I think holding myself accountable to writing at least one personal thing a day
is a realistic goal. Both private and public posts would count, though I should
really try to write SOMETHING personal each day, even if its just a minor
check-in.

Making content would also be fun just for the sake of having something to look
back on at the end of it that is actually tangible as opposed to just
"experience". Maybe that's why those early cave dwellers drew those pictures way
back when, just something to immortalize their experience.

During this month I will also be abstaining from alcohol, marijuana,
pronography, and masturbation, as they have all become vices for me, and have
significantly disrupted my life. I don't know if I will ever be able to have a
healthy relationship with any of these, but I do know the best thing for me
currently at this moment is to leave them alone. I would say that it's not going
to be difficult, as I've done it many times before, but I know that it is going
to suck and I will want to cave in, but this time, I need to get in good
physical shape as soon as possible, and if I don't stop now, then when will I
ever stop? What I do when no one is watching doesn't matter to anyone, so I can
truly do whatever I want. Why not do what will help me? The only way to not
drink everyday is to not drink every day.
